Well, I never thought that I would be studying when I'm studying at school.
Uh, one of the one of my goals being in the Navy was to get a
graduate degree of some sort and hopefully use it while in the Navy.
But I don't know what it was gonna be. I found myself, and now I find
myself in a program of study that is far different than what I was
doing when I was in undergraduate studies, doing a lot of math, a
lot of very a lot of computing and stuff and and different things like
that. And that is not something I expected at all when I first joint
and when I graduated from the Naval Naval Academy from a, uh, from
a purely operational standpoint. In no way she performed it. I think
I was gonna end up being qualified to fly unmanned aircraft. Um,
And to be clear, there is no glory and flying unmanned aircraft in
the United States Navy. But there's a future in it, I think, in the
long term. So I did not think that I was gonna be involved with that.
I'd always heard about it. It was always kind of like this nebulous
idea that could happen sometime. But I never actually thought that
I would be involved in doing that.